 Dear conference participants, my name is Tatyana Shevelyova, I am a research assistant at the LiveNets Information Center for Science and Technology and I am glad to present you the STREAM project today. The STREAM project deals with the issue of digitizing material data and aims to establish a uniform, fair compliant realization for the semantic representation, networking and curation of material data. There are currently a lot of realizations for digitizing material data, but all these realizations are based on different standards, methods and structures, so the fair conformity of material data is therefore very difficult to achieve. The Fair Compliant Realization Plan in STREAM is therefore beneficial because it addresses several aspects of the fair conformity. It is general and itself and can be reused in those digitizing activities. So which aspects does this realization include? On the one hand, a uniform data structure in the form of a nontology is being developed. On the other hand, a domain-specific maturity model is being established. Furthermore, a mapping of the already existing catarogeneous material data is being applied to efficiently integrate this data into multiple research data repositories. The ontology developed in STREAM is known as MATWOK ontology. MATWOK is developed using the two ontology development environments, vocal and protégé, with version control being performed by the GitHub. This ontology provides the main structure that is used as the basis for the semantic description of material data. We are planning to annotate material data from different sources, but the actual data to be semantically annotated resides in the Nomad material data repository. These data are in JSON format. This material data benefit from the standardized metadata structure known as Nomad MetaInform. This metadata structure maps all the metadata information from a JSON simulation file using the specific terms. So, the material data annotated by the Nomad MetaInform and mapped to the MATWOK ontology are queried by a Sparkle endpoint. Sparkle endpoint allows the domain-level queries, such as simulations, that measure specific attributes from atom under defined settings. In the context of the quality assurance of the material data, it is a plan to develop an extendable maturity model. According to this model, the material data can be evaluated considering domain-specific quality metrics and be associated with a specific maturity level. As I mentioned before, the existing material data are derived from different sources and held in different formats, such as XML, CSV, HTML or JSON. And it is necessary to convert them into a uniform format, such as RDF. To perform the mapping task conveniently, the appropriate mapping languages should be utilized. The developed knowledge-based file material data will be deployed in the following three data repositories. The Nomad MetaInform is a database-based database from the Leibniz data manager from the Leibniz Information Center for Science and Technology. The marketplace platform, established with this consortium project of the Fraunhofer Institute for Mechanics of Materials and the Nomad repository, is a joint afford by the Fritz Haber Institute in Berlin, physics department of the Humboldt University in Berlin, and by synchronizing these three data repositories, the material data are systematically merged. Therefore, the higher-level and domain-oriented queries can be submitted to these repositories and semantic-inclusive answers can be retrieved. As a result, the intended fair conformity of the material data is achieved and this data is available for further research activities. Dear conference participants, and thank you for your attention.